manatees know what's up they know what
kids want to hear how was your set this
morning awesome oui oui I didn't know
what to expect cuz when you open up it's
a little bit nerve-wracking because you
have the literally open doors and then
it's just a mad dash to get to the stage
that you want to see first so like it
was probably ten minutes before we had
gone on stage and there was maybe one
row of kids so his nerve it was
definitely nerve-wracking but people did
manage to show up and we got it we had a
great show crazy when they open the
doors I was like the floodgates kind of
opens kid was like madness we had a
blast though I think today's show is one
of my favorites so far yeah reckless and
the brave has been going over really
well um so I've been I've been stoked on
it how do you pick a set list exactly
he's already well what we do is usually
take our greatest hits Rucka don't play
13 done it's the same way the family guy
writes their jokes we haven't pulled for
manatees and a bunch of balls with the
song names on and then whichever balls
the manatees hit at us those are the
songs we think a very expensive way to
be the setlist but it's the best way to
be easier way manatees know what's up
they know what kids want to hear how do
you maintain your stamina for warp tour
um not going to vegas anymore that's
really it what do we do I mean we
drinking lots of water and not being a
complete idiot about everything uh you
know like we like to still party we like
to have a good time there's tons of
friends on this tour so it's hard not to
want to hang out but the main thing is
just realizing that it's a grueling tour
and not abusing your your sexy body
jennylyn really kicks in like right when
you walk onto the Warped our stage could
you get up there you see like all the
kids with waiting timing your name
like you're like who I'm ready let's do
it exactly well you know that first row
kids were Stokes like no one's here for
all time low haha this is us it was
awesome yeah I was like I was talking
about going out and doing like an
acoustic set for them before the other
kids showed up cuz I guess they were the
ones that had like early entry or
something yeah but uh Kenny wouldnt let
me